README.md, before:

# CUDAnative.jl

Code Coverage: [![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaGPU/CUDAnative.jl/coverage.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaGPU/CUDAnative.jl)

This package provides support for compiling and executing native Julia kernels on CUDA
hardware. It is a work in progress, highly experimental, and for now requires a version of
Julia capable of generating PTX code (ie. the fork at
[JuliaGPU/julia](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/julia)).


## Installation

1. Install the NVIDIA driver, and make sure `libcuda` is in your library loading
   path.

2. Install the CUDA toolkit (not all versions are supported, you might need to install an
   older version).

3. Install a version of Julia with PTX support, and use that `julia` binary for
   all future steps.

4. Clone and test this package in Julia:

   ```julia
   Pkg.clone("https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDAnative.jl.git")
   Pkg.test("CUDAnative")
   ```


## Usage

The following example shows how to add two vectors on the GPU:

**Writing the kernel**

First you have to write the computation kernel and mark it `@target ptx`:

```julia
using CUDAnative

@target ptx function kernel_vadd(a, b, c)
    i = (blockIdx().x-1) * blockDim().x + threadIdx().x
    c[i] = a[i] + b[i]

    return nothing
end

```

**Launching the kernel**

Using the `@cuda` macro, you can launch the kernel on a GPU of your choice:

```julia
using CUDAnative

# select a CUDA device
dev = CuDevice(0)

# create context on the selected device
ctx = CuContext(dev)

# generate random arrays and load them to GPU
a = round(rand(Float32, (3, 4)) * 100)
b = round(rand(Float32, (3, 4)) * 100)
d_a = CuArray(a)
d_b = CuArray(b)

# create an array on GPU to store results
d_c = CuArray(Float32, (3, 4))

# run the kernel and fetch results
# syntax: @cuda (dims...) kernel(args...)
@cuda (1,12) kernel_vadd(d_a, d_b, d_c)
c = Array(d_c)

# print the results
println("Results:")
println("a = \n$a")
println("b = \n$b")
println("c = \n$c")

# finalize: destroy context
destroy(ctx)
```

See `examples` or `tests/native.jl` for more comprehensive examples.


## Advanced use

### Override autodetection

The library tries to autodetect some properties of the available toolkit and
hardware when it is initialized. If these results are wrong, or you want to
override settings, there are several environment variables to use:

* `CUDA_FORCE_API_VERSION`: this mimics the macro from `cuda.h`, with the same
  format.
* `CUDA_FORCE_GPU_ARCH`: GPU architecture to pass to `nvcc` when compiling
  inline CUDA sources

Commit message:

Mention checking-out deps from master.

README.md, after:

# CUDAnative.jl

Code Coverage: [![Coverage Status](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaGPU/CUDAnative.jl/coverage.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/JuliaGPU/CUDAnative.jl)

This package provides support for compiling and executing native Julia kernels on CUDA
hardware. It is a work in progress, highly experimental, and for now requires a version of
Julia capable of generating PTX code (ie. the fork at
[JuliaGPU/julia](https://github.com/JuliaGPU/julia)).


## Installation

1. Install the NVIDIA driver, and make sure `libcuda` is in your library loading
   path.

2. Install the CUDA toolkit (not all versions are supported, you might need to install an
   older version).

3. Install a version of Julia with PTX support, and use that `julia` binary for
   all future steps.

4. Clone and test this package in Julia:

   ```julia
   Pkg.clone("https://github.com/JuliaGPU/CUDAnative.jl.git")
   Pkg.test("CUDAnative")
   ```

   NOTE: if checking out an unreleased version of CUDAnative, you might also need to
   check-out the latest versions of any dependencies:

   ```julia
   Pkg.checkout("CUDAdrv")
   ```


## Usage

The following example shows how to add two vectors on the GPU:

**Writing the kernel**

First you have to write the computation kernel and mark it `@target ptx`:

```julia
using CUDAnative

@target ptx function kernel_vadd(a, b, c)
    i = (blockIdx().x-1) * blockDim().x + threadIdx().x
    c[i] = a[i] + b[i]

    return nothing
end

```

**Launching the kernel**

Using the `@cuda` macro, you can launch the kernel on a GPU of your choice:

```julia
using CUDAnative

# select a CUDA device
dev = CuDevice(0)

# create context on the selected device
ctx = CuContext(dev)

# generate random arrays and load them to GPU
a = round(rand(Float32, (3, 4)) * 100)
b = round(rand(Float32, (3, 4)) * 100)
d_a = CuArray(a)
d_b = CuArray(b)

# create an array on GPU to store results
d_c = CuArray(Float32, (3, 4))

# run the kernel and fetch results
# syntax: @cuda (dims...) kernel(args...)
@cuda (1,12) kernel_vadd(d_a, d_b, d_c)
c = Array(d_c)

# print the results
println("Results:")
println("a = \n$a")
println("b = \n$b")
println("c = \n$c")

# finalize: destroy context
destroy(ctx)
```

See `examples` or `tests/native.jl` for more comprehensive examples.


## Advanced use

### Override autodetection

The library tries to autodetect some properties of the available toolkit and
hardware when it is initialized. If these results are wrong, or you want to
override settings, there are several environment variables to use:

* `CUDA_FORCE_API_VERSION`: this mimics the macro from `cuda.h`, with the same
  format.
* `CUDA_FORCE_GPU_ARCH`: GPU architecture to pass to `nvcc` when compiling
  inline CUDA sources
