docs/src/man/performance.md, before:

# Performance

GPU code written in CUDAnative.jl can be as fast or even outperform CUDA C compiled with
`nvcc` (on the condition that the same hardware features are used). This section will
describe how to do so, and what to be careful about.


## Profiling

When optimizing code, it is important to know what to optimize. Luckily, the CUDA toolkit
ships an excellent profiler, `nvprof`, with `nvpp` as the Eclipse-based UI. The CUDAnative
compiler is fully compatible with these tools, and generates the required line number
information to debug performance issues.

Although CUDAnative exports a `@profile` macro, it does not serve the same purpose as
`Base.@profile`. Rather, it instructs the CUDA profiler to start right before the first
kernel launch. This avoids profiling during the time Julia or CUDAnative precompile code,
and result in a much more compact timeline view. If you want to use this feature, disable
the `nvprof`/`nvvp` option to "Start profiling at application start". As with all Julia
code, also perform a warm-up iteration without the profiler activated.

For true source-level profiling akin to `Base.@profile`, look at `nvvp`'s PC Sampling View
(requires compute capability >= 5.2, CUDA >= 7.5). In the future, we might have a
`CUDAnative.@profile` offering similar functionality, using the NVIDIA CUPTI library.


## Optimizing

This section is a WIP. Some things to consider:

* `Float64` is expensive, but literal floats are `Float64`. Use `...f0` or cast.
* Same for integers; although the performance hit is small, it increases register pressure.

Commit message:

Mention debug switch for line number generation.

docs/src/man/performance.md, after:

# Performance

GPU code written in CUDAnative.jl can be as fast or even outperform CUDA C compiled with
`nvcc` (on the condition that the same hardware features are used). This section will
describe how to do so, and what to be careful about.


## Profiling

When optimizing code, it is important to know what to optimize. Luckily, the CUDA toolkit
ships an excellent profiler, `nvprof`, with `nvpp` as the Eclipse-based UI. The CUDAnative
compiler is fully compatible with these tools, and generates the required line number
information to debug performance issues. To generate line number information, invoke Julia
with the command-line option `-g1`. Using `-g2` puts the PTX JIT in debug mode, which
significantly lowers performance of GPU code and currently does not improve debugging.

Although CUDAnative exports a `@profile` macro, it does not serve the same purpose as
`Base.@profile`. Rather, it instructs the CUDA profiler to start right before the first
kernel launch. This avoids profiling during the time Julia or CUDAnative precompile code,
and result in a much more compact timeline view. If you want to use this feature, disable
the `nvprof`/`nvvp` option to "Start profiling at application start". As with all Julia
code, also perform a warm-up iteration without the profiler activated.

For true source-level profiling akin to `Base.@profile`, look at `nvvp`'s PC Sampling View
(requires compute capability >= 5.2, CUDA >= 7.5). In the future, we might have a
`CUDAnative.@profile` offering similar functionality, using the NVIDIA CUPTI library.


## Optimizing

This section is a WIP. Some things to consider:

* `Float64` is expensive, but literal floats are `Float64`. Use `...f0` or cast.
* Same for integers; although the performance hit is small, it increases register pressure.
