docs/src/lib/device/intrinsics.md, before:

# Intrinsics

This section lists the package's public functionality that corresponds to special CUDA
functions to be used in device code. It is loosely organized according to the [C language
extensions](http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/#c-language-extensions)
appendix from the CUDA C programming guide. For more information about certain intrinsics,
refer to the aforementioned NVIDIA documentation.


## Indexing and Dimensions

```@docs
CUDAnative.gridDim
CUDAnative.blockIdx
CUDAnative.blockDim
CUDAnative.threadIdx
CUDAnative.warpsize
```


## Memory Types

### Shared Memory

```@docs
CUDAnative.@cuStaticSharedMem
CUDAnative.@cuDynamicSharedMem
```


## Synchronization

```@docs
CUDAnative.sync_threads
```


## Warp Vote

The warp vote functions allow the threads of a given warp to perform a
reduction-and-broadcast operation. These functions take as input a boolean predicate from
each thread in the warp and evaluate it. The results of that evaluation are combined
(reduced) across the active threads of the warp in one different ways, broadcasting a single
return value to each participating thread.

```@docs
CUDAnative.vote_all
CUDAnative.vote_any
CUDAnative.vote_ballot
```


## Warp Shuffle

```@docs
CUDAnative.shfl
CUDAnative.shfl_up
CUDAnative.shfl_down
CUDAnative.shfl_xor
```


## Formatted Output

```@docs
CUDAnative.@cuprintf
```

Commit message:

Split documentation for synchronizing primitives.

docs/src/lib/device/intrinsics.md, after:

# Intrinsics

This section lists the package's public functionality that corresponds to special CUDA
functions to be used in device code. It is loosely organized according to the [C language
extensions](http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/#c-language-extensions)
appendix from the CUDA C programming guide. For more information about certain intrinsics,
refer to the aforementioned NVIDIA documentation.


## Indexing and Dimensions

```@docs
CUDAnative.gridDim
CUDAnative.blockIdx
CUDAnative.blockDim
CUDAnative.threadIdx
CUDAnative.warpsize
```


## Memory Types

### Shared Memory

```@docs
CUDAnative.@cuStaticSharedMem
CUDAnative.@cuDynamicSharedMem
```


## Synchronization

```@docs
CUDAnative.sync_threads
CUDAnative.sync_warp
```


## Warp Vote

The warp vote functions allow the threads of a given warp to perform a
reduction-and-broadcast operation. These functions take as input a boolean predicate from
each thread in the warp and evaluate it. The results of that evaluation are combined
(reduced) across the active threads of the warp in one different ways, broadcasting a single
return value to each participating thread.

```@docs
CUDAnative.vote_all
CUDAnative.vote_any
CUDAnative.vote_ballot
```


## Warp Shuffle

```@docs
CUDAnative.shfl
CUDAnative.shfl_up
CUDAnative.shfl_down
CUDAnative.shfl_xor
```

If using CUDA 9.0, and PTX ISA 6.0 is supported, synchronizing versions of these
intrinsics are available as well:

```@docs
CUDAnative.shfl_sync
CUDAnative.shfl_up_sync
CUDAnative.shfl_down_sync
CUDAnative.shfl_xor_sync
```


## Formatted Output

```@docs
CUDAnative.@cuprintf
```
